# Email-Template-Builder
<h1>CST8334 Project Email Template Builder - PHP, HTML5, JavaScript, Bootstrap</h1>
<h3>Executive Summary</h3>
<p>Christopher Knott, the founder of Service Soft, has given us the authorization to enhance the service or product, which his company is already offering.
The purpose of the project is to allow customers to build easy and well-presented HTML templates and fill it with their specific content. The HTML template can then be emailed to their customers without the client needing any knowledge of how to code HTML. The graphics could be very basic in order to give a friendly environment for the potential customers.
The investigation took place at Algonquin College in room T128, the report was organized by taking notes, doing the proper questions and having an audio recording backup of the meeting.
So far, a prototype has been developed that meets many of the functional requirements mentioned in this document. The prototype will require adjustments based on feedback, and more advanced features still have to be implemented before the project meets the entirety of the project scope. </p>
<h3>Introduction</h3>
<p>Service Soft is a new Startup company by Dirty Windows founder Christopher Knott. Service Soft aims to be a CRM provider to other businesses that do not have the technical capabilities or support to provide those aspects themselves. </p>
<p>The Enhancement project aims to provide businesses with ready-to-go html templates and a tool to facilitate business clients’ ability to input content into the html without knowing html, or having separate tools for development. </p>
<p>The scope of the project aims to provide Service Soft with 2-3 properly formatted html templates that serve specific needs that the client has requested. Also, the ability for clients to input their content; such as text, images, links, subject header, etc. into an html template that has been selected. The tool, most likely a PHP script will allow clients to modify templates, save changes, and access saved templates from a database. </p>
<p>Unfortunately, A.C. Developers were not able to meet with Chris from Service Soft to show prototype 1 and get the review from Chris about it. But after demonstrating prototype 1 to Professor Patricia Murphy and Professor Carolyn MacIsaac, A.C. Developers got some new idea that can be introduce into the next prototype i.e. prototype 2 along with the additional features that were discuss with Chris in our first meeting.</p>
<p>Since the Prototype 1 demonstration, A.C. Developers has added new features as well as has make some of the code more flexible. The prototype is almost feature complete with respect to final product. It meets almost all the requirement that our client wants from our final product. The prototype will be modified based on any client or the professor’s feedback after a full demonstration of its present state. Following the demonstration, features will be added as per the requirement and any correction will be made if needed. From the current state of project A.C. Developers will easily able to complete the project until it due data i.e. April 13. </p>

